README.md, before:

# Blood Donation Awareness Web Application

A comprehensive web application for blood donation awareness, education, and management.

## Features

- **Blood Type Information**: Learn about different blood types and their characteristics
- **Compatibility Checker**: Find out which blood types are compatible for donation and receiving
- **Regional Data**: View blood type distribution by region
- **User Dashboard**: Track your donation history and impact
- **Educational Quiz**: Test your knowledge about blood donation
- **Authentication**: Secure user accounts with Supabase authentication

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, React Router
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL database with RESTful API)
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth
- **Styling**: CSS with responsive design

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Supabase account

### Frontend Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the frontend directory:
   ```
   cd frontend
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Create a `.env` file in the frontend directory with your Supabase credentials:
   ```
   REACT_APP_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   REACT_APP_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:8000
   ```
5. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

### Supabase Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project at [https://app.supabase.io](https://app.supabase.io)
2. After creating your project, go to Settings > API to get your URL and anon key
3. In the SQL Editor, run the SQL script from `supabase_setup.sql` to create all necessary tables and sample data
4. Set up authentication:
   - Go to Authentication > Settings
   - Configure Email Auth (enable/disable email confirmations as needed)
   - Optionally set up social logins (Google, Facebook, etc.)
5. Update your frontend `.env` file with the Supabase URL and anon key

## Database Schema

The application uses the following tables:

- **user_profiles**: Extended user information
- **blood_types**: Blood type information
- **blood_compatibility**: Compatibility between blood types
- **regional_blood_data**: Regional statistics on blood types
- **quiz_questions**: Questions for the educational quiz
- **quiz_results**: User quiz results

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm start`: Runs the app in development mode
- `npm test`: Launches the test runner
- `npm run build`: Builds the app for production
- `npm run eject`: Ejects from Create React App

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Supabase](https://supabase.io/) for the backend and authentication
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) for the frontend framework
- Blood donation organizations for educational information

Commit message:

Update README with Google Cloud Run deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Blood Donation Awareness Web Application

A comprehensive web application for blood donation awareness, education, and management.

## Features

- **Blood Type Information**: Learn about different blood types and their characteristics
- **Compatibility Checker**: Find out which blood types are compatible for donation and receiving
- **Regional Data**: View blood type distribution by region
- **User Dashboard**: Track your donation history and impact
- **Educational Quiz**: Test your knowledge about blood donation
- **Authentication**: Secure user accounts with Supabase authentication

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, React Router
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL database with RESTful API)
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth
- **Styling**: CSS with responsive design
- **Deployment**: Google Cloud Run, Docker

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Supabase account

### Frontend Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the frontend directory:
   ```
   cd frontend
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Create a `.env` file in the frontend directory with your Supabase credentials:
   ```
   REACT_APP_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   REACT_APP_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:8000
   ```
5. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

### Supabase Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project at [https://app.supabase.io](https://app.supabase.io)
2. After creating your project, go to Settings > API to get your URL and anon key
3. In the SQL Editor, run the SQL script from `supabase_setup.sql` to create all necessary tables and sample data
4. Set up authentication:
   - Go to Authentication > Settings
   - Configure Email Auth (enable/disable email confirmations as needed)
   - Optionally set up social logins (Google, Facebook, etc.)
5. Update your frontend `.env` file with the Supabase URL and anon key

## Deployment to Google Cloud Run

This application is configured for deployment to Google Cloud Run using Cloud Build.

### Prerequisites
- Google Cloud account
- gcloud CLI installed and configured
- Docker installed locally (for testing)

### Deployment Steps
1. Push your code to the master branch of this repository
2. Cloud Build will automatically build and deploy the application
3. Access the application at the URL provided by Cloud Run

### Manual Deployment
```bash
# Build the container
docker build -t gcr.io/algebraic-craft-454012-r9/blood-donation-app .

# Push to Container Registry
docker push gcr.io/algebraic-craft-454012-r9/blood-donation-app

# Deploy to Cloud Run
gcloud run deploy blood-donation-app --image gcr.io/algebraic-craft-454012-r9/blood-donation-app --platform managed --region europe-west10 --allow-unauthenticated
```

## Database Schema

The application uses the following tables:

- **user_profiles**: Extended user information
- **blood_types**: Blood type information
- **blood_compatibility**: Compatibility between blood types
- **regional_blood_data**: Regional statistics on blood types
- **quiz_questions**: Questions for the educational quiz
- **quiz_results**: User quiz results

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm start`: Runs the app in development mode
- `npm test`: Launches the test runner
- `npm run build`: Builds the app for production
- `npm run eject`: Ejects from Create React App

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Supabase](https://supabase.io/) for the backend and authentication
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) for the frontend framework
- Blood donation organizations for educational information
